readme.md, before:

Download:
http://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspios_full_armhf/images/raspios_full_armhf-2020-05-28/2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.zip

Files:
1. 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz              - Raspbian GNU/Linux 10 (buster) + Kernel Linux raspberrypi 4.19.118-v7+
2. 2020-05-27-raspi-kernel-v4.19.118-sdcard-recovery.img.tar.gz - Kernel Linux raspberrypi 4.19.118-v7+ only

Description:
1. Create full raspbian OS on sdcard with 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img
Where "X" is you place for sdcard use commands: "lsblk" and "ls -la /dev"

tar -xzf 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz
sudo dd if=2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img of=/dev/sdX

2. Recovery kernel only this is /boot partition on sdcard
Where "X" is you place for sdcard use commands: "lsblk" and "ls -la /dev"

tar -xzf 2020-05-27-raspi-kernel-v4.19.118-sdcard-recovery.img.tar.gz
sudo dd if=2020-05-27-raspi-kernel-v4.19.118-sdcard-recovery.img of=/dev/sdX1

Help split and join files:
split -b 99M 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz 2020-05-27-raspios-split.
cat 2020-05-27-raspios-split.* 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz

Commit message:

readme: fix instructions for combine and extract image

readme.md, after:

Download:
http://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspios_full_armhf/images/raspios_full_armhf-2020-05-28/2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.zip

Files:
1. 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz              - Raspbian GNU/Linux 10 (buster) + Kernel Linux raspberrypi 4.19.118-v7+
2. 2020-05-27-raspi-kernel-v4.19.118-sdcard-recovery.img.tar.gz - Kernel Linux raspberrypi 4.19.118-v7+ only

Description:
1. Create full raspbian OS on sdcard with 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img
Where "X" is you place for sdcard use commands: "lsblk" and "ls -la /dev"

tar -xzf 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz
sudo dd if=2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img of=/dev/sdX

2. Recovery kernel only this is /boot partition on sdcard
Where "X" is you place for sdcard use commands: "lsblk" and "ls -la /dev"

tar -xzf 2020-05-27-raspi-kernel-v4.19.118-sdcard-recovery.img.tar.gz
sudo dd if=2020-05-27-raspi-kernel-v4.19.118-sdcard-recovery.img of=/dev/sdX1

Help split and join/combine files:
split -b 99M 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz 2020-05-27-raspios-split.
cat 2020-05-27-raspios-split.* > 2020-05-27-raspios-buster-full-armhf.img.tar.gz
You need to have 10GB free space to combine files to archive image and extract the image.
